feat: add strictSnakeCase option to rule attribute-names (#207)
43081j/eslint-plugin-lit: docs/rules/attribute-names.md

property names. In these situations, an explicit lowercase attribute should
be supplied.

> Further, camelCase names should ideally be exposed as dash-case attributes.

Reviewer: we should probably call it kebab-case, the same as MDN:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Kebab_case

@property({attribute: 'camel-case-name'})
camelCaseName: string;

> @property({attribute: 'camel-case-other-name'})

Reviewer: this and the one above are warnings with the default configuration right?

since both should be `camelcasename` as an attribute

Author: No I don't think: https://github.com/43081j/eslint-plugin-lit/blob/ba7794c61c6198f38648b0baa7867407f277c8b1/src/test/rules/attribute-names_test.ts#L51

Current check is only to check that lower cased attribute is the same as attribute (so only check there are no upper cased char)
```ts
              #if (
                propConfig.attributeName.toLowerCase() !==
                propConfig.attributeName
              ) {
```
https://github.com/43081j/eslint-plugin-lit/blob/ba7794c61c6198f38648b0baa7867407f277c8b1/src/rules/attribute-names.ts#L53

Adding a contraint between attribute name and property name only appear in this PR

To enforce attribute value to be `camelcasename` in that case, you will need this PR with option `{"style": "none"}`

camelCaseName: string;

@property()
lower: string;
```

## Options

You can specify `style` to one of these values `none`, `snake`, `kebab` to

> enforce that attribute name is the styled version of property, or `false`.

Reviewer: it could be read as you being able to set `style: false` i think.

```suggestion
enforce that the attribute name is cased using the specified casing style.
```

@property({attribute: 'camel-case-name'})
camelCaseName: string;

@property({attribute: 'camel-case-other-name'})
camelCaseName: string;

@property()
lower: string;
```

## Options

You can specify `style` to one of these values `none`, `snake`, `dash` to
enforce that attribute name is the styled version of property, or `false`.

For example for a property named `camelCaseProp`, expected attribute names are:

| Style | Attribute       |
|-------|-----------------|
| none  | camelcaseprop   |
| dash  | camel-case-prop |
| snake | camel_case_prop |

The following patterns are considered warnings with `{"style": "dash"}`
specified:

```ts

> // Using decorators:

Reviewer: in these examples, i'd probably just use the decorator rather than showing both each time (decorator/getter)

@property() camelCaseName: string;

> @property({attribute: 'camel-case-other-name'})

Reviewer: this would be a warning with `style: "dash"`? this is following the style isn't it?

Author: Oh, that was the idea of "strict" naming. Maybe it's more than juste style.
I want to force attribute name to be the exact same name as property with only style transformation.
With kebab style and following code
```ts
@poperty()
fooBar: string;
```
I want attribute to be either `foo-bar` or `false`, no other possible value

Reviewer: no worries that makes sense 👍 

think we're fine since the existing rule already enforces the names are equal anyway, so we're not changing behaviour really other than introducing other cases

camelCaseName: string;

// Using a getter:

static get properties() {
  return {
    camelCaseName2: {type: String}
  };
}
```

> The following patterns are not warnings `{"style": "dash"}` specified:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following patterns are not warnings with `{"style": "dash"}` specified:
```
